Add MVCC performance recipe and live data column and field. (#15109)
cockroachdb/docs: v22.2/performance-recipes.md

    <td><ul><li>Your tables have long write times.</li></ul></td>
    <td><ul><li><a href="#slow-writes">Remove unnecessary indexes.</a></li></ul></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><ul><li>You experience high latency on queries that cannot be explained by high contention or a suboptimal query plan. You might also see high CPU on one or more nodes.</li></ul></td>

>     <td><ul><li>You are scanning over large numbers of <a href="architecture/storage-layer.html#mvcc">MVCC versions</a>. This is similar to how a full table scan can be slow.</li></ul></td>

Reviewer: I believe high latency + high CPU can be symptoms of other factors as well, such as workload concurrency exceeding CPUs. This is documented at https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/v22.1/common-issues-to-monitor.html#workload-concurrency - is it reasonable to cross-link to that section, and/or to mitigate the diagnosis with "You may be scanning over large numbers..."?

Use the values in the `total_reads` and `last_read` columns to identify indexes that have low usage or are stale and could be dropped.

> ### Too many MVCC versions

Reviewer 2: Should this be MVCC ( multi-**version** concurrency control) values (not "versions")?

Other places in our docs seem to refer to this as "MVCC values".

Author: Fixed.

#### Indicators that your tables have too many MVCC values

> In the [Databases](ui-databases-page.html#tables-view) page in the DB Console, the Tables view show the percent of live data for each table. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the [Databases](ui-databases-page.html#tables-view) page in the DB Console, the Tables view shows the percentage of live data for each table. For example:
```

<img src="{{ 'images/v22.2/ui_databases_live_data.png' | relative_url }}" alt="Table live data" style="border:1px solid #eee;max-width:100%" />

In this example, at `37.3%` the `vehicles` table would be considered to have a low percentage of live data. In the worst cases, the percentage can be `0%`.

> A low percentage can cause statements to scan more data ([MVCC values](architecture/storage-layer.html#mvcc)) than required, which can reduce performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A low percentage of live data can cause statements to scan more data ([MVCC values](architecture/storage-layer.html#mvcc)) than required, which can reduce performance.
```
